docs: add <meta> tags (group 2) (#951)
flybywiresim/docs: docs/fbw-a32nx/feature-guides/flypados3/performance.md

---
title: flyPadOS 3 EFB - Performance

> description: A comprehensive guide covering the descent and landing performance calculators provided by FlyPadOS3 in the FlyByWire A32NX.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: A comprehensive guide covering the descent and landing performance calculators provided by flyPadOS 3 in the FlyByWire A32NX.
```
